# RU Canvas Quiz Reader

Canvas Quiz reader is indented to be used for courses in University or Reykjavik, although it can be modified for use in other institutions

(Currently configured for "fill in the blank quizes only")

## Initial Configuration

Edit the config.csv file accordingly:

- Under "User_Access_token," insert your Canvas Access Token
  - [How do I get an Access token?](https://community.canvaslms.com/docs/DOC-10806-how-do-i-manage-api-access-tokens-as-an-admin)
- Under "Course_ID" input the numeric ID of your course.
  - This can be found in the course url: https://reykjavik.instructure.com/courses/**Course_ID**

## Setting up a question bank

Edit the following files before running program:

#### quiz_data.csv:
- title
  - A descriptive name for quiz.
- description
  - Description for quiz.
- quiz_group_pick_count
  - Number of questions you want to pull from the question bank
- quiz_group_question_points
  - How many points students get for each correct question.

#### question_data.csv:
- Question_name
  - Short title
- Question_text
  - The main content for question
- Answer_option_1 (mandatory)
  - Acceptable answer (case sensitive)
- Option_1_comment
  - A comment that is given if students pick this question
- Option_1_weight
  - Percentile weight for picking this answer - 100 is full marks.
- Answer_option_n (optional)
  - Alternative acceptable answers. These can be as many as you want. 
    - Note that you must also fill in Option_n_comment and Option_n_weight for each optional answer that you add. 
	
Note: You can make as many questions as you want and each question does no require to have the same number of available answers. See sample file for example.

## Running
Run quiz reader, once the above files have been correctly set up.  

Program will output the return values from the API and inform you when it is done. A link should be provided that takes you directly to the course question banks, where you are asked to move your newly generated questions into a question bank of your choosing.

## Bugs and manual work
Currently, it is impossible to use the API to automatically assign questions to a question bank. Instead the questions are automatically placed into a default bank called " Unfiled questions."

Running the Quiz reader multiple times will cause all generated questions to go into that same default bank. Thus, should the user desire to generated multiple banks, it is highly recommended that they manually move the newly generated questions into a new bank after every run. 

Should a field be incorrectly filled, the program will output an error message that's generated by the API. Should you choose to run the script again, possibly after fixing incorrect values, make sure to delete the partially generated quiz/questions first. Otherwise, multiple copies will be created.

##### TODO 
Create error handling that captures errors. Decide whether or not to halt run if errors are detected and possibly delete incorrectly/partially generated quiz and questions.